as Tony Robbins said people are not lazy
they simply have goals that do not
inspire them that is really the central
thing that you have to find you've got
to find that thing in your life that
makes you feel most alive when you have
that you're going to have the need of
energy and enthusiasm to push through
all the times when it gets hard and the
only promise I can make to anybody
trying to do anything of interest or
import it is going to be hard and when
you find that thing that you love as Tim
Grover says if you want to be truly
successful at it you cannot be content
with pretty good you've got to find an
extra gear and that's why it's so
critical that it be something that you
actually care about one of the reasons
that people feel so dead inside going to
a job that they hate is you're asked to
expend all of this energy and put so
much time into something that you don't
care about into something that doesn't
make you feel alive and when you're
putting that level of time and energy
into something that doesn't make you
feel alive it's not moving you towards
your goals it begins to take from you
and when it is something that you're
passionate about you're willing to bust
your ass because it gives you it feeds
you and so even though it is incredibly
hard and even though it is a demanding
mistress as Jaakko willing said
discipline is the pathway to freedom
discipline in and of itself doesn't take
from you discipline gives discipline
tells you what to say yes to and what
not to and actually lightened your load
it's that thing that makes you you it's
that thing that gives you the energy to
improve to push yourself to get better
to be willing to fight through good
enough or okay and find that next gear
and get to that next level and really
become the person that you were meant to
become but first it all starts with
finding that thing of being honest about
the things and the people in your life
that take and to build a life from the
ground up that gives that gives you the
energy that gives you a vision of not
who you are but who you can become that
gives you the talents and things that
you're going to need in order to achieve
at the absolute highest level to blast
through good enough and to truly become
capable of the extraordinary but it
starts with you it starts with being
willing to change the things in your
life to make them line up with what you
want only you can make that demand of
yourself
[Music]
Oh
you